feat: add environment hooks about compiler (#3108)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/shared/onAfterEnvironmentCompile.mdx

> `onAfterEnvironmentCompile` is a callback function that is triggered after running compile of a single environment. You can access the build result information via the [stats](https://webpack.js.org/api/node/#stats-object) parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`onAfterEnvironmentCompile` is a callback function that is triggered after the compilation of a single environment. You can access the build result information via the [stats](https://webpack.js.org/api/node/#stats-object) parameter.
```
